what what's going on with SeaWorld right
now like I don't see road I think
SeaWorld sucks and but like for people
that don't know that a watching I want
them to see the actual video your you
basically schlep up on top like on the
highway in LA yeah I am I mean it's just
like you know I like to keep it simple
and not get too political about it I am
I am of the opinion that SeaWorld sucks
and I was down in San Diego doing
stand-up at the American comedy club and
and and as I do I was kind of mulling
around different ideas to try to make
some news and bring some attention and
shake things up make a video and went by
one of this big highway sign that said
SeaWorld Drive and I just thought oh my
god vomit you know like they named a
road after after SeaWorld and so we
pulled over the car and I had a tape
measure and I stood under this big
highway sign and I measured the word
drive in SeaWorld Drive okay and so I
got that measurement and then I went to
a copy center and printed out like a
massive you know banner right ah you
know green the color of the highway sign
you know and capital letters sucks and
then I went on and rolled it up and I'm
like the whole thing it was kind of like
I got a gnarly kind of Mission
Impossible sort of you know crazy the
operation and and went back through it I
tied a rope to a three pound dumbbell
and threw it up over you know that
they've got like sort of a platform you
know when people stand up to mess with
the signs got lights on it it's threw it
up over there and I looped in and
successfully
okay cold now I got the rope and tried
to climb up but I couldn't climb it
wasn't working if I have some gloves
I left the spot went on home beautiful
bought gloves came back
try couldn't climb it with gloves okay I
need I need a bunch of dudes to help
hoist me up so we left again we got on
the phone we wrangled up five guys one
of them drove
a truck and the four others hoisted me
up and I almost got all the way up there
but then my arms gave out and I'm
dangling upside down by one foot you
know underneath this sign and then I
fell on my head and that was gnarly and
so we gave up for that day but we didn't
give up we came back the next day this
time I came back with a fire escape
ladder that I bought at Home Depot it
got and I'm like oh I got this now we
just attached it to the Rope that was
already looped over hoisted that up so I
climb up this this escape rope ladder
and and it breaks right when I get up
like to a dangerous high it snaps and I
land on my head again this time like I
hit my head on concrete it was and this
is like brought to you by one of these
five trips I made was in broad daylight
and the comedy of errors me trying to
get on that sign was just more
entertaining I could not have scripted
it myself to be to be hilariously just
bumbling and and and exciting and so
after I had the rope ladder snapped and
then finally as a kid and I finally went
and got an extension ladder had I got
had I started out with an extension
ladder there wouldn't have been a fun
video to watch you know I mean I guess
it would have made just as much news but
for my purposes I was just really
tickled with what what great video we
got out of it
and I just wanted up climbing up the
stepladder and taping the sign to the
sign so when I got done with it it did
indeed read see white socks and the
identity of the culprit was was unknown
for a long time like we left it the way
it was and the sign just on its own just
that piece of paper taped to it
generated all kinds of press all over
the kind of crazy yeah yeah and then you
post the video online right I waited to
post the video online until after I had
completed my my extensive tour of
Australia and New Zealand and Singapore
because those are countries that don't
really play around with with with
criminal stuff you know you got a you
know notarize your criminal history and
I already have
a pretty extensive and colorful criminal
history mind you of things I'm not
particularly sorry for but but yeah I
just didn't want to catch a new case and
get my visas pulled so waiting until I
got back from that tour the tour's great
I posted the video and and and here we
are talking about it's all this great
news and I'm super happy with that I
expected to be arrested especially if I
did I didn't know I still haven't gotten
arrested or anything and I'm kind of
surprised by that because the California
Transit Authority reported that the
adhesive on the tape I used removed the
reflective properties of the sign and
forced them to somehow spend over seven
thousand dollars to completely replace
the sign hold on but you're liable for
this or no I mean who knows I have no
idea you know I'll tell you what you
know the only involvement I've had is
just that I've publicly responded you
know directly and as many times as
possible to as many people who will
listen like oh my god are they really
trying to tell us that it cost
California taxpayers over seven thousand
dollars to remove a piece of tape yeah
for god sakes perhaps we're on our way
to understanding why the state of
California is completely broke because
it may they're running their operation
like a shady mechanic ripping off your
grandma over here you know I mean are we
really learning more about California
than just SeaWorld sucks you know but if
that's how they want to play it I just
think that it brings great publicity and
I invite that and if if they want to
arrest me I've repeatedly announced in
the press on TMZ you know when I will be
landing at LAX you know I have posted on
my social media to millions of followers
like the precise minute and airline and
flight number that
we'll be landing at last night I get it
so therefore so that they can arrest me
and I've had a bunch of paparazzi show
up but no cops and then it when I win
the paparazzi but you know to meet me at
the airport I tell them God where are
the cops you know whose d do I have to s
to get arrested around here you know
I've been working my tail off and I
wanted to get a little break you know
and go out of meditation retreat in the
slammer